rewrite all-in-one vs split-service (#1797)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/internals/configuration.mdx

## All-In-One vs Split Service mode

Pomerium's default mode is all-in-one mode. It run all the individual [components](/docs/internals/architecture#component-level) in a single container or under a single system service. This is our suggested way to run Pomerium. Alternatively, each of those component services can be configured and run separately in split mode.

All-in-one mode has the easiest configuration and successfully used in large production environments. All the configuration goes in a single `config.yaml` file or single set of environment variables. When running Pomerium as a single system service or container, all the options on this page can be set in a single `config.yaml` file, or passed to the single instance as environment variables. Internal communication is configured automatically requiring no additional setup.

> Alternatively, each component can be run separately in split-mode using the [service mode](/docs/reference/service-mode) key to specify which component to run. Each of these needs to be configured separately, and communication between components must be explicitly configured including managing tls certificates.

Reviewer: capitalization nit: 'tls' -> 'TLS'

```suggestion
Alternatively, each component can be run separately in split-mode using the [service mode](/docs/reference/service-mode) key to specify which component to run. Each of these needs to be configured separately, and communication between components must be explicitly configured including managing TLS certificates.
```

### All-in-One

For almost all use cases it's desirable to run in "all-in-one" mode. This reduces the resource footprint and simplifies DNS configuration. An all-in-one instances may also be scaled for better performance. All URLs point at the same Pomerium service instance.

### Discrete Services

> Split service mode is only advised for learning how the components interact, extremely security constrained environments or to workaround constraints in host environment.

Reviewer: grammar nit: I think "workaround" is a noun, and "work around" would be the verb?

```suggestion
Split service mode is only advised for learning how the components interact, extremely security constrained environments or to work around constraints in host environment.
```
